a)
Joshuas-MacBook-Pro-2:Assignment1 Joshua$ git push
Enumerating objects: 7, done.
Counting objects: 100% (7/7), done.
Delta compression using up to 4 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 414 bytes | 414.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/joshuarosenfield/Assignment1.git
   6b713a4..cc62dc3  master -> master
Joshuas-MacBook-Pro-2:Assignment1 Joshua$

b)
6 commits have been done to the repository. The command used was "git log".

c)
.gitignore was last modified on Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019. The command to get this information was "git log -- .gitignore".

d)
why branches are used in a Git repository is because it enables the project to be worked on by multiple people at the same time. It also makes it harder for unstable code to be included into the main project.

e)
The diffrences between git log and git status is that git status shows the working tree status, while git log gets info about last commits.

f)
the command used is git log --follow Weapon.h

g)
git log --grep=“file“

h)
inheritance enables new objects to take on the properties of existing objects.
polymorphism refers to a programming language's ability to process objects differently depending on their data type or class. 
encapsulation is used to hide the values or state of a structured data object inside a class, preventing unauthorized parties' direct access to them.

i)
the main difference between the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow and the “Integration management” workflow” is in Dicator and Lieutenants there is one central repository that only one person can push to/ While in Intergration management each person pushs to there repository and can pull from the blessed repositor, anyone can edit blessed repository through an integration manager.

j)
Dictator would work better for a large group because all the changes have to go through the dicator before changing the repository. while in central, if one person from the large group changes the repository negativily, it messes up everything. No safety net. 
